what's up y'all welcome back to my
channel I'm I decided to come on and do
a real quick video sharing with you some
of my favorite products from the brand
called Clinique that's what this video
is gonna be about if you heard about it
and you love them you're gonna want to
keep watching if you never heard about
them I still suggest you keep watching
um this is not a sponsored video get
that out there right now everything I'm
about to show you I'll talk about I
purchased myself
I'm just recommending to y'all so if
you're interested in knowing what
Clinique has to offer keep watching so
as I was saying let me start out with
like the one makeup brush that I have
from Clinique I don't remember these
prices I'll try y'all tonight I might
put it down myself but Clinique is
usually located in Macy's department
stores um they have like a counter in
there now I don't know about other areas
maybe where you live I'm sure they have
a company it's it's you they're usually
in a department store they have a
counter inside of a department store and
also you can go online and order their
products as well I believe I may be
mistaken I believe they also if you're
gonna support sephora.com I believe they
also sell some Clinique products but
like I said you can going online even
Amazon like you can find it with you if
they're not in your stores you can find
him I'm sorry they not in your areas in
a store you can find them online that's
for sure
it's anyway the one brush I bought from
them is the foundation brush yo I paid
$30 for stay over brush yes I was
trippin but then again I wasn't it's
very soft it's very good quality I can
say that and there's been no shedding I
had I've had no shedding
I don't use a foundation brush all the
time the last times I use a Beauty
Blender
or I could never talk like a flat title
kabuki brush but when I do use this
because I've had other foundation
brushes that look like this from
different brands and they said this one
is mine which is good I'm so glad it
isn't because for $30
Nick somewhat odd but since I was on a
brush Clinique also has their own
version of the makeup brush cleanser but
I use it that's good it works especially
like if you want you know a spot cleaner
or something like that you have to put
your makeup on you want spot clean it
real quick you want to clean it before
you're a real deep clean because in my
opinion this is not for deep cleaning
this is not for you use your brush all
week getting do nothing you just use it
straight up for your foundation powder
whatever don't think you're gonna go at
the end of the week and clean your brush
for this I'm not going in to clean it
might take some of it off a little
dusting but but this is good for like so
you got fresh clean brush you use it at
one time suppress for its cleaning you
know what wipe it on a paper towel
whatever you do this works for that you
know it helps when you're in between
motions but it cost um so next I'm a
track on the order of you know that when
you wash your face or whatever so for me
now they have a whole but but I have
oily combination skin it's like oily
with dry patches so I have to clean the
liquid facial soap in the mouth version
because I tend to I believe I'm
sensitive because I break out red spots
so I believe I'm sensitive and I don't
go wrong with this but this the neat
liquid facial soap which it is for dry
combination I don't know if y'all can
see but I'm let me know trust me when I
say that's what it's for
but um yeah liquid facial mouth dry
combination dermatologist dermatologist
developed
allergy tests 100% fragrance free it is
they also had this in the soap in a bar
soap hmm I believe when I first started
out with China Clinique years ago I
bought the bar soap and it's like yellow
I mean it it actually even comes with
its own case I stopped using soap no
particular reason I just on using hand
stuff or whatever he's I like the liquid
and any type of facial soap because I
use my own Clarisonic and my mr. Carr
laureate de Luna I have a dupe for that
if y'all wants to do my video for a dupe
DeLuna thumbs up this video comment
below but just sayin
but anyway this is very good at its
mouth and it clean it does it cleans the
makeup off at least for me it does um
let's be real and honest cuz something
people they come to me tell you oh yeah
after one washing you know or you make a
come on no I believe you need to do
steps this action needs to be in a video
but you know like use your eye makeup
remover like to me this is a cleanser
this is not straight up just for the
remove your makeup and everything no I
believe this is a cleanser so after you
use your little wet wipe or whatever for
you take your makeup off your coconut
oil yes
coconut oil after you take off your
makeup then go in with a cleanser facial
cleanser that's just my opinion you know
my 41 years on this earth that's my
opinion
any works so use this next they have a
seven day because or the one I have but
they have to scrubs but when I have is
the 7-day scrub cream the rents all
formula you can use this they say seven
days so every day of the week I don't
I've never tried that I know that's what
it says but I haven't I just don't take
them type of chances I mean it's not
rough or nothing like that but I really
don't think it's necessary to use a
actual scrub seven days a week like if
you have a say it from me if you don't
want to see a skin care you know video
thumbs up comment below
but like a lot of times they sail like
you can get it at Walmart or whatever
maybe in dollar stores it's like a
little puff but it's a little it's a
little rough so four scrubber you can
use that sometime I use that I put my
little facial cleanser on there and use
that just to get off the little dead
skin which prepares your face when you
put on your little on go do the toner
and put your serums on then you
moisturize before you do your on
foundational reading I don't recommend
using this every day seven days I don't
but if you want to you can they stay
advertiser does that I'm just giving you
my own experience I never tried it maybe
I will try this one we get everyone mean
to use this every day for seven days
straight like for a month maybe if you
want thumbs up comment below and I don't
do it too and then I'll come back and
give you a review and let you know my
opinion but I'm gonna keep it real right
now I said for mine so if we get me into
two weeks and my face is like real
rotten now I'm not gonna keep going you
know update them that you know why I
didn't continue okay
so after then at honoré we all know
that you know you use a tongue or
whatever after you wash your face not it
but they call there's a lotion a
clarifying lotion and they got you know
different numbers and mine is the one I
use is number to clarify we just put it
like with their own cleanser I showed
you but I draw a combination now you
would think cuz I'm not your anything
you want thought you said you mostly
oily and dry you know but I've tried the
one or just straight-up boiling it don't
do too much for me but the only
combination it does because like I said
I do have some dry patches so that's why
I just say I'm in a combination it's
about $14 for this it's six point seven
fluid ounces it's purple keep all the
purple as you see I'm about hour and I
believe me purchase everyone by Friday
another man Friday or no but this is not
my first one I bought this awesome I
don't care if I'm buying nothing else
from Clinique I always buy this
clarifying lotion I love it like it's
hot when you describe your
it really does change the texture of
your skin for the better it really does
a smooth it's for the better
I'm a witch hazel type of chick don't
get me wrong because I'm trying to do
the whole natural stuff and all that no
alcohol and all that but this is the one
toner
without calling it that I've been able
to use and it works it does not dry my
skin out I don't know what it is what is
the first ingredient in him alcohol to
have this around oh and it is witch
hazel in it though so the point is it
works
I honestly out of everything that I'm
about to show you how deaf I recommend
they're clarifying lotion over
everything you get nothing else get this
$14 well spent I'm just saying next one
I have now for me I don't know about
y'all it doesn't matter how old you I
have a different moisturizer I use for
day and nice a difference at nighttime I
like heavier um lotions because you know
you're sleeping and it can you know seep
into your skin and stuff like a again
you're in sleep you don't have makeup on
your face so the heavier lotions and
creams and bombs and all that it's best
to use the night but i'ma show you the
first one I use for the daytime which
wears very well under foundation let me
back up I don't even wear foundation
every day but I'm just saying even if
you know it's good this is the Clinique
dramatically different moisturizing gel
this is a smaller they have a big line
but I got the smells 1.7 fluid ounces
the gym
I got a few oily it's combination oily
to oily so now let you know right now
it's in my category to combination oily
to oily meaning yummy combination oily
like me with the Padgett stuff or
straight-up
oily get to jail I'm Tony Mendez cherry
absorbs so fast get the gym now the next
I'm about to show you is the clinic
dramatically different moisturizing
lotion
I got this one in the big one because
again I use this at night meaning some
lathering on so I don't need a small -
even though they they sell this one in a
tube this size but yeah I get this size
which is 0.2 fluid ounces but you don't
even though you'd be thinking you use on
man you this my glass eye hole yeah I
don't know I'm just letting you know
don't you get your money's worth and
plus if you like me you switch up your
products especially as mature women when
you sticking with one day long moisture
please we rotate just sayin next ever
tried this too much
but I got this in a sample as a sample
it's the Clinique Clinique smart night
customer repair moisturizer this
couldn't be more for my mature wise
ladies like myself it's just a custom
repair moisturizer and it's for night
time that's all like I say so you know
it's a cream haven't really tried it too
much but I will gift next show y'all
this is about being an MP's video just
so you know the Clinique Moisture Surge
I know y'all heard about this the
Clinique Moisture Surge the extended
thirst relief it's a jail this damn
thing is MP basically listen what you're
gonna see the size of the jar so you can
know that it does come in a big jar and
this one one of these two this week 27
ounces you see it's gone it's a little
something-something in here that's why
it's not an empty check cuz I'm scrape
this bad boy out tonight mmm-hmm I
believe I could be mistaken I think of P
$40
oh it was definitely in the 30s you know
it is it is so or for this moisture sir
though telling y'all but underneath it
you know what else I love about this so
much you can put this over your makeup
so you got your makeup on you we all
know what is
and you looking at mirror you go you
know either work on a restaurant on you
old lunch break whatever you looking at
married you mean like I got some dry
patches take this out you can put this
over your makeup it don't even mess up
your makeup and then it just gets too
dry this away you're saying but clearly
inna by trying carry this around your
makeup bag come here it's not big but it
ain't small even so a lot of times when
you have their little arm Clinique what
they do they have a lot of little
promotions and stuff so you buy certain
things will spin a certain amount they
give you know those sample sizes a
certain product so the Clemmy saying
when I showed you you get a little
sample size they give that out and what
I tend to do is just save these save
them so don't you get the big one then
give it no put it in there you carry
this Travis out I can't Jonah oh and if
you put this in your refrigerator
especially in the summertime it's a nice
cool gel and you can do that so so okay
after we did a little face and order
wash your makeup brushes and stuff like
that you know you got to take a shower
now they do have shower gels I have a
used one in a long time no particular
reason is just I just tried different
stuff I mean everything from bar soap to
shower gels I mean it just it just
depends so I can't show you these shower
gels or soaps right now because I don't
have any because they've been use
anymore but I'm not gonna say don't eat
it because I do have which is the
Clooney it's the deep comfort
body butter I heard about this - mm-hmm
this also comes in like a lotion you
know in a bottle but I get this is six
point seven ounces there's like no sense
and it's so thick can you see there look
it I know you see cuz I see it you see
it in I'm ready to get Lord Emma you see
her
see my hand but they don't hear rappy
see it's butter mm-hmm no sense which is
good because I don't know about y'all
but I'd like my own since I got I have a
lot of bad body works you know I miss
the stuff like that not just them but
you make me Victoria's Secret anybody
the ponies so a lot of times you don't
know lotion no body butter it has a
scent but you've got a body butter or
lotion is gonna you know moisturize your
skin so it the Clinique this is under 40
least when I got it
deep comfort and y'all just think it's
huge
it lasts you want because again if
you're like me I don't tend to stick
with I don't use the same thing every
day on I rotate
no particular reason just depends on how
the hell I feel when I get the hell up
on the shower just saying there's
nothing against the product because I
love it because if I didn't love it and
being trash it would be in this video
you're saying so next week lastly be
going to lip products I swear just this
particular I'm about to show you off
they call almost lipstick song I guess
kind of like lip gloss lipstick and it's
this car it's black honey I don't know
if you I've heard about this I love
first of all just like the packaging
first of all silver you see it is black
honey so you can see you got you see our
doctor don't let that fool you cuz I
remember my first someone's roar that's
too damn dark I'm good stuck on it don't
you see how light that is
so if you darken to me it's really gonna
look lighter but I just wanted it's so
smooth y'all it's nice me stuff for my
whole hand be black honey
would you see that it's very nice and
moisturizing so my whole point is saying
that was don't let the dark color fool
you that's with any
except knows I'm not saying it all but
some of them just because they didn't
start it does not the peak mint does not
come out this dark when you swatch it
next lipglosses this it will be in theis
first tooth
these are both the superball
moisturizing gloss this particular money
is great fruit you see the pink right
there it's clear up there but it's great
for love disclose it is my five fluid
ounces and y'all is very moisture and
this is clear it make it looks pink and
it's you know it it goes off clear man
effect I think if you see anything is a
very light faint pink but I say it's
clear that's almost gone gotta go get me
know huh this is my first to next one I
have is I guess a super bomb this one's
called Mingo I haven't used this as much
but this is not my first to go either
so as you see how Mingo it's still light
has this actually has a tent Oh peachy
Timmy and they have so many colors I
gotta go back give up because these are
not the first two that ever I'm complete
this is just what I have right now as
I'm showing up next
they're armed I know y'all probably
heard about their their chubby sticks so
the one I have is the baby tent see you
know pink that is I do that just only so
y'all gonna kind of see the color pink
again it might look real picking a tent
huh
hey you I don't even see it but you got
keep doing it but it's pink it's nice so
if you want something light but
moisturizing it really is its moisture I
don't like it because you know seniors
move to sharpen it you say you know yes
era sharpens
lastly I have four numbers to lipglosses
and again how many of their lip glosses
but this is about chrony have on hand
this first one it's called girls night
out which is wondering new ones another
payment and others have the dough well
at least nothing doe foot applicator and
it's very pink you see here man effect
that's a day swatches for anything else
see it's like in the last one it's
clearly pink come in you can see that
ma'am swatch it down SP but getting in
that pink you see it like you can see
but it's still kind of sheriff just
share share share ten but it still right
it's do this even we just work you know
whatever so I just want trying to see
all the day and I hope you enjoyed this
video please comment below like do you
use Clinique on what are your favorite
products from Clinique um if you use the
lip gloss that's what colors do you like
I'm saying to skin care you know I don't
want to know because I don't know
everything about Clinique like I said
I'm sharing the stuff that I have just
stuff that I keep going back to and keep
buying so I think it's worth it so at
the end of the day I love drugstore
products too but it's okay to splurge
and I do not mind splurging wears
products that's worth splurging on I'm
just sayin so in the fact that I'm not
even getting paid for this I'm not
sponsored that that should tell you a
lot because I that's what I think about
my channel I'm not gonna get up in here
and tell y'all to go get this kit that
but also remember this just because I
say something works for me it does not
mean that it's gonna work for you so
please do not get upset if you try
something he didn't work for you because
I've had the same
I go over people's recommendations and I
get in work for me but it's not their
fault because they clearly state it it's
my opinion it works for me so thank you
all for watching I appreciate all of you
I'm going to my subscribers I appreciate
you thank you to the new subscribers
welcome I appreciate you all to share
this video if you liked it thumbs it up
if you want to keep seeing videos from
me so you can be notified please
subscribe cuz that's the only way you're
gonna know new videos so till next time
stay cute